Question 1: Create a list containing 5 of your favorite fruits. Then, print the first
fruit and change the third fruit to "Pineapple".

Question 2: Create a list containing 4 subjects you are studying. Print the
number of subjects and use a loop to print each subject on a new line.

Question 3: Create a list containing 3 friends' names. Add a new friend to the
end of the list using append(). Then, remove the friend at the second position
using pop() and print the list after each operation.

Question 4: Create a list containing 5 colors. Use the remove() method to
remove the color "Green" from the list. If "Green" is not in the list, handle the
error using try-except. Print the list after the operation.

Question 5: Create a list containing 6 arbitrary integers. Use the sort(),
reverse(), and count() methods to:
1.Sort the list in ascending order.
2.Reverse the list.
3.Count the number of occurrences of a specific number (e.g., 5).
Print the list after each operation.

Question 6: Write a Python program that allows the user to input a list of
integers. The program should sort the list in ascending order using the
Selection Sort algorithm, and then print the sorted list.

Question 7: Write a Python program that takes a list of floating-point numbers
as input from the user. Use the Insertion Sort algorithm to sort the list in
descending order, then print the result.

Question 8: Write a Python program to sort a list of integers in ascending order
using the Bubble Sort algorithm.
The program should also count and display the number of swaps performed
during the sorting process.

(Question 6 – 8: Do not use built-in functions like sort() or sorted() )


Question 9: Write a program that takes a list of numbers from the user and
finds the index of a specific number using linear search.

Question 10: Write a program that takes a list of numbers from the user and
finds the first number greater than 10, if any.

Question 11:Write a program that takes a list of numbers from the user and
prints all the odd numbers in the list.

Question 12: Write a program that takes a list of numbers from the user and
prints all the even numbers , as well as the sum of those even numbers .